Enhanced Namespace Documentation: Comprehensive Insights on using in File-Scoped Declarations. (#43304)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/keywords/namespace.md

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/filescopednamespace.cs" :::

## Using Statements in File Scoped Namespaces

When using *file-scoped namespaces*, the placement of `using` statements affects their scope within the file. File-scoped namespaces lower to the equivalent traditional namespace declaration that ends with a closing bracket at the end of the file. This behavior determines where `using` directives are applied as follows:

> - If the `using` statements are placed before the file-scoped namespace declaration, they are treated as being outside of the namespace and apply globally.

Reviewer: A bit of a nit:

```suggestion
- If the `using` statements are placed before the file-scoped namespace declaration, they are treated as being outside of the namespace and are interpreted as fully-qualified namespaces.
```
